

sci fi story idea: starts out with people on a ship, none of the people are old though, and they are working with seemingly robotic beings, as story progresses we eventually learn that these people are learning and training and also specifically preparing for a bit important event, something everybody goes through. The story also obviously has interactions between these people characters, character building. The characters discuss the upcoming thing, how some are excited, some are apprehensive, but reader never really figures out exactly what said thing is. Character that is apprehensive is reassured by other characters that it's natural. Think of vibes from the Twilight Zone episode Number 12 Looks Just Like You. We eventually, perhaps in Act 2, that the robotic beings are actually controlled by human consciousness that has been transferred from living tissue preserved brains to machines and that consciousnesses can be transferred to control different machines of various shapes and sizes, and that this is somehow due to human deep space travel in which humans needed to resort to moving their conscouses away from living bodies to these machines for sustainability purposes and that all people, by or at the age of 18, have their consciousnesses transferred. Some machines are very small, other machines are gigantic, meant for planetary exploration and moving or displacing large rocks for example. Some machines perhaps can fly. The machines do not resemble human bodies and this disturbs the person apprehensive about the procedure. The "machines" (though controlled by human consciousness) reassure this individual, taking on machine forms which much more closely resemble the human body, but laughing about the unspecialized function of this form, and that it resembles outdated ideas and that other forms are much more effective depending on the task at hand and that these forms are out of fashion. Think body horror, the idea that the preferred machines are so different from us. Somewhere in the 3rd act we find that eventually there is a 2nd transformation, in which consciousnesses lose their individuality and become part of a more powerful collective consciousness in order to make room for new individuals transferring from their living tissue vessels to have their consciousnesses transferred to be able to use the machines. We also learn that this has been going on for thousands of years. We also learn that humanity (these machines) is attempting to spread influence or remain relevant, and that this procedure was somehow necessary perhaps due to problems artificial intelligence has posed to humanity's existence. Now sure about the ending though.

Title of the short story:
* The Eighteen Paradox
: Highlights the specific age of mandatory transformation and the philosophical questions surrounding it.